Dark Cloud,Legendary,This ancient matter is so unknown that there is almost no documantation. Traces have been found in the studies of Ultimite the legendary dragon.,150
Obsidian Sword,Epic,The only known weapon able to slay Ultimite the legendary dragon. Sell to the highest bidder at the SHOP and become the richest man in the land.,125
Iro's Stone,Epic,Iro is one off the most legendary riders in the world! Use his stone to capture any dragon that you run into! But be careful; Iro never got the chance to use his stone on Ultimite,120
Dragon Egg,Epic,Has not been seen in the wild in centuries! Hatch at the INCUBATION STATION to obtain a new Dragon or sell for a hefty price at the SHOP.,90
Dragon Scales,Rare,Shed from dragons. These scales are known some of the most durable armor. Many traders would be willing to buy in the SHOP.,70
Saphire Gem,Rare,Made from coal under immense dragon fire heat. Can be sold at the SHOP.,65
Salt Rock,Rare,Cooks love these crystals for salting their food and they are suprisingly hard to come by!,60
Map,Rare,This will grant you access to a larger view of them map once you find it. Make sure to pick this Item up!,25
Ancient Arrowhead,Rare,This belonged to the natives of this land. They have all been slaid but there relics are worth a lot!,20
Gold Coin,Rare,Some unlucky traveller must have dropped this! Finders keepers loosers weepers,70
Dragon Horn,Rare,Dragon Horns are rare and with the right buyer can sell for a good price. Head over to the SHOP to sell them.,50
Dragon Claws,Common,Not used for much. Dragon claws are commonly found amound the land.,15
Coal Chunks,Common,Coal Chunks are very common and found on the ground. Can be sold for a small price at the SHOP.,8
Eucalyptus Leaf,Common,Used by the mages in healing potions!,15
Petrified Owl,Common,These ancient creatures are from the Dark Era. A relic from the past can be sold at the SHOP.,9
Stick,Common,Just a stick.,0
Dragon Heart String,Common,Ripped from the heart of a dragon; these heart strings make beautiful harps!,9
Wooden Duck,Common,A relic from the past? Or a relic from the future? No one knows. Bring this to the SHOP to see what it's worth.,50
Silver Coin,Common,It's your lucky day! You found money on the ground.,30
Bronze Coin,Common,Better than nothing!,10